Israeli troops supported by tanks are
conducting operations inside gaza's
largest hospital their movements can be
seen in this Israeli Drone footage on
Wednesday evening the Israeli Army
released this video I am in the cha
hospital as you can see from the sign
behind me and it claims to show weapons
and other items belonging to Hamas
totally confirm without any doubt that
Hamas systematic Al uses hospitals in
their military operations in violation
of international law but the Israeli
Army deleted the video it described as
undeniable truth from social media later
reposting it under a different
description they say exposes the
countless Hamas weapons these images
cannot be independently varified Hamas
denies using the hospital as a base
calling it a lie to justify Israel's
destruction of gaza's medical
infrastructure Israel and its allies say
the raids are
Justified the first war crime is being
committed by Hamas by having their
headquarters their military hidden under
a hospital and that's a fact that's
what's happened doctors say the raids
continue the situation is catastrophic
we are surrounded by tanks the Israeli
soldiers are inside Hospital the
soldiers searched and inspected every
department they took the bodies and blew
up the water line we do not have any
electricity or any of life's
Necessities troops cut off communication
and searched all buildings of the
complex housing thousands of people
another doctor says Israeli raids are a
continued violation of international
law hospitals are protected under
international law and no one can invade
it but this enemy has disregarded all
the international laws and invaded the
hospitals and humiliated some of the
patients injured and arrested some of
the medics in this first Invasion now it
is invading Again alifa Medical complex
and our medical staff and patients are
at a very high risk because of this
brutal enemy meanwhile an Israeli news
site Walla is quoting security sources
who believe Hamas may have carried out
what it calls engineering operations to
conceal tunnel openings and plant
explosives at
[Music]
alifa among the 650 patients reported to
still be inside the facility are 36
premature babies fighting a different
fight as the war rages on mik lapple Al
jazer